Jiu Ye Jiu Ye is here
Who ran away?
You are also a fairy, aren't you?
We'll see.
Really courting death
Chinese New Year
Jiu Ye, you are finally here
This President Yang of the Qin family is really hateful
He not only dared to impersonate the Qing army
I don't take you seriously
And here's the thing.
How dare he take me to the palace
He's really a damned wife
That's right, that kid Qin Ba
The Qin family picked it up
But not grateful
Instead of revenge?
He is Qihan Qin's little prince is better than him
Troubled Little Master Qi's engagement party
He also hooked up with Lord Xuanque, and the two of them hooked shoulders
use influence for personal gain
He also wants to lose money to our three major families
male god
The three major families are supported by you
I help you, but I have always fought with you as my horse's head
You must decide for us!
And not only that.
He just fell Baifu
The great cause of virtue given to the Qing army?
He also threatened that even if you come, you can't do anything to him
Can be in the army
he
Dropped the Merit Seal that our hundred ethnic groups contributed to the Qing army
His crime deserves punishment
Jiu Ye
Do you want to deal with him or do we want to deal with him?
Yes, yes, rescue.
This man is lawless
He must make oil with his blood in the land he saved.
rescue
The universe.
I want to save you
This is your good
Master master
Subordinate Pei Jiuling meets Mr. Qin
Meet Mr. Qin